hey what's up you guys I'm home after
sweetheart regional with a deck profile
what's your name I be all right slow and
he's playing a decade is not everybody's
playing here what that cuz this black
wings popped right in all right I'm
going to shun roca pretty standard for
black white a big beater by you target
three shares of three Boras mainly
because we're literate and we know that
they're good cards device oh is that
froze you get really good place with us
because you could bounce your penis
chains and whirlwind so just get really
good exceed place blizzard to get the
level six but also a search charter off
a whirlwind three glutes cuz it's pretty
much the the all sort of the deck loma
Gail you get yelled in half and get rid
of like or a lot of things pollute will
surprise your opponent game buying for
saying bring something that's not glued
all for sure and you could go mr.
welcome to get armed wing tech Baylor's
to stop some things and that
for us I'm running one of our darkness
one book of moon three two hours three
whirlwinds and three msds you can't
really take her with exposed to much
except made for like that but i think
there's all kind of our staple for black
wings oh yeah that's right
for traps I run the staples stable trap
so everyone should be running those yeah
and for the black-winged traps are run
the three Icarus attacks in the Delta
crow
all people don't really know black wings
do so you can get my big plus ass off
with Delta crow like a guy yeah what's
up oh my gosh mom watch Miranda it's a
full of our main deck actually
consistent so we're psychic all right no
men for a gear you Maxie for any
heretics oh oh so far Oh actually I know
what these are for my friend Bill
besides I got my lala a DD crow full
house I've never used this card I know
this does soldiering pretty sure its
former male lion crushes for fire fist
and I think mermail line pressing
mirrors provisions and deck des from our
males
and my Extra Deck I'm really played a
wall so I didn't know what a one or like
exciting I existed so if i had known as
i put them in here but um I run to
dwellers former males may stroke diamond
dire cowboy and caboodle for the ities
for singers are on catastor or mateys
HTS
armed wing armor master black rose
dragon a silver wind Stardust and Leah
all right so I guess that concludes the
profile how's this Declan working for
you today I know you're doing really
well in the tournament have your
mattress favorite ah I choose my plane
with Kool Aid and I really don't know
what's going on I lie I was like
the water the fire Matt that's been for
you um I believe against two waters and
gain one's a little raw but after you
side you should be able to win did you
have so much versatility I actually exum
played fire I don't know how that works
my vision well I'm thanks I'm duplicator
profile remember guys if you enjoyed it
give a thumbs up Lisa nice comments
furniture channel for more content and
thanks again man I appreciate it Southie